__MIXED I,II,III__

I didn't go to Helen's party because she didn't invite me.
	If Helen had invited me, I would have gone to her party.

We'll go to the beach unless it rains.
	We'll go to the beach if it doesn't rain.

Ann can't buy a new car because she hasn't got enough money.
	If Ann had enough money, she could buy a new car.

You can get access to the Intranet only by having a password.
	You can get access to the Intranet providing you have a password.
	You can get access to the Intranet as long as you have a password.

She feels lonely since she hasn't got any friend.
	If she had some friend, she wouldn't feel lonely.

Carlos Sainz didn't win the Monte Carlo Rally because his car broke down.
	Carlos Sainz would have won the Monte Carlo Rally if his car hadn't broke down.

Jim missed the plane becaused he arrived late at the airport.
	Jim wouldn't have missed the plane if he hadn't arrived late at the airport.
	Jim wouldn't have missed the plane if he had arrived earlier at the airport.

I don't have a modem, so I can't e-mail you.
	If I had a modem, I could e-mail you.

I didn't send them a postcard because I didn't know their new address.
	If I had known their new address, I would have sent them a postcard.

She isn't passing her exams because she isn't studying hard enough.
	She had studied harder, she would pass her exams.
	She would pass her exams if she had studied hard enough.

I'd like to buy a bigger flat, but I haven't got enough money.
	I would buy a bigger flat if I had more money.
	I would buy a bigger flat if I had enough money.

I didn't get to the meeting on time because my car broke down.
	I would have got to the meeting on time if my car hadn't broken down.

I never travel by plane because I get earache.
	I would travel by plane if I didn't get earache.

I won't go to the party if you don't go with me.
	I won't go to the party unless you go with me.

If I had been told about the situation, I would have dismessed them.
	Had I been told about the situation, I would have dismissed them.

The restaurant was full so we couldn't get a table.
	If the restaurant hadn't been full, we could have got a table.

You can attend the meeting as long as you are a club member.
	You are attend the meeting provided you are a club member.
	You can attend the meeting only if you are a club member.

I'm too busy to go to the pub.
	If I weren't so busy, I would go to the pub.

Ice melts down when you heat it.
	Ice melts down if you heat it.

We didn't see The Two Towers because the cinema was closed.
	We would have seen The Two Towers if the cinema had been open.
	Had the cinema been open, we would have seen The Two Towers.

You won't get a promotion if your work doesn't improve.
	You won't get a promotion unless your work improves.

I never eat octupus because I get sick.
	If I didn't get sick, I would eat octupus.

We didn't pick you up at the station because you didn't phone us.
	If you had phoned, we would have picked you up at the station.

I'll buy a new computer provided I get a rise in salary.
	I'll buy a  new computer only if I get a rise in salary.
	I'll buy a new computer as long as I get a rise in salary.

She wanted to buy that picture, but she didn't have enough money.
	She would have bought that picture if she had  had enough money.

Whenewer I make a promise, I keep it.
	If I make a promise I keep it.

We haven't got any matches, so we can't light a fire.
	If we had some matches, we could light a fire.

I didn't renew my subscription because I lost interest in the magazines articles.
	I would have renewed my subscription if I hadn't lost interest in the magazines articles.
	Hand't I lost interest in the magazines articles, I would have renewed my subscription.

He was too slow to win the race.
	If he hadn't been so slow, he would have won the race.
	Hadn't he been so slow, he would have won the race.

I won't go to Rio unless I find a cheap flight.
	I won't go Rio if I don't  find a cheap flight.
	I will go to Rio provided that I find a cheap flight.

I never sunbathe because I get sunburt easily.
	I would sunbathe if I didn't get sunburt easily.

She will understand you provided that you don't speak too fast.
	She will understand you if you don't speak too fast.

He won't come for a drink because he's got work to do.
	If he didn't have work to do, he would come for a drink.

She's too young to get a driving licence.
	She would get a driving licence if she wasn't so young.

They lost the match because of the heavy rain.
	If it hadn't rained so heavily, they would have won the match.

Whenever Peter and I meet, we talk about the good old times.
	If Peter and I meet, we talk about the good old times.

Should you see Paul, tell him about the meeting.
	If you see Paul, tell him about the meeting.



__CONDICIONALES MIXTAS__

_Presente+pasado_(pasado simple => condicional perfecto)
If I were you, I would have bought the red dress.
If the teacher were here, she would have turned on the heater.
If the students had more time, they would have finished their work yesterday.

_Presente+futuro_(pasado simple => condicional)
If I were you, I would call Tom and apologize.
If Bob had more time, he would attend the cooking class next week.
If Fred were here, he would go with us to Colorado on Thursday.

_Futuro+pasado_(pasado simple continuo => condicional perfecto)
If they weren't travelling to France on Tuesday, they would have planed to attend your birthday party.
If I weren't quitting my job in two weeks, I would have purchased you a gif for Christmas.
If Don's sister weren't going to the theater, they would have agreed to baby sit.

_Futuro+presente_(pasado simple continuo => condicional)
If I were getting married tomorrow, I would be relaxing right now.
If Jenny and Eric were going to be here for the holidays, they would be making plans.
If Dan were travelling with us to Boston in Marh, he would be saving money.

_Pasado+presente_-(pasado perfecto => condicional)
If I had studied in school, I would have a diploma now.
If Nick had turned in his application, he would be working here now.
If you had recorded the show last night, we could watch it.

_Pasado+futuro_(pasado perfecto => condicional)
If Rose had not called him, they wouldn't be going to the party together tomorrow.
If Nathan and Lisa had finished their chores, they would receive their allowance tonight.
If the television had not broken, we would watch the game this weekend.