11:42 04/03/2016

__CONCESIVOS__ (Un limite(even if, regardless of), dificultades, problemas o una oposición que no impide el cumplimiento de lo dicho en la oración principal.)

Although Jack is not very tall, he is excellent at basketball.
She decided to go to work, thought she was not feeleing well.
Even if he's right, that doesn't give him the right to be arrogant.
I will finish the project by tomorrow, even if I have to work all day.
He will not do that work, even if he is paid for it.
They will not finish on time, even if they hurry up.
Despite his bad reputation, the politician won the elections.
It was a great mach in spite of the bad weather.
They decided to finish the project, regardless of the cost.
A patriot will defend his nation, regardless of the consequences.

__ADVERSATIVOS__ (Añaden una negación a la frase anteriormente mencionada, una frase opuesta a la otra.(Al contrario, aún asi, sin embargo, pero, en su lugar))

They were not having fun; however they stayed until the party was over.
It was very stormy, nevertheless we went fishing.(aún asi, con todo,sin embargo)
She had no experience; nonetheless she got the job.(sin embargo, no obstante)
He was a very good swimmer; even so, he drowned.
He wanted to reply to that accusation, yet he didn't.
Jack didn't study for the test, still he managed to pass it.
I was invited to a party on saturday, but went to bed instead.
I am not going out tonight. Instead, I will stay home and cook something.
The boy is not dumb; on the contrary, he's very smart for his age.
Condors are solitary birds. On the contrary, seagulls live in flocks.(gaviotas viven en bandadas)
Contrary to my husband, I enjoy going to the beach.
In contrast to my neighbours, I don't like using the lift.


__COOPULATIVOS__ (Unen algo a lo ya mencionado)

Mary play not only the guitar but also the violin.
Mary and Bill not only argued, but shouted at each other as well.
Many politicians desire both money and power.
Bill wants both to earn more money and power.
The baker had no sooner turned off the oven than the last customers arrived.
I had no sooner gotten into the bathtub than the telephone rang.


__DISYUNTIVOS__ (Indican selección,separan o diferencian dos ideas(otherwise, or else, whether/or, whereas))

Either you shut your mouth and listen or you leave the class.
That clerk is either incompetent or too lazy to  be efficent.(clerk => oficinista)
The musician neither played the piano well nor sang good songs.
Jack neither wrote nor telephoned.
We must decide whether to go there today or tomorrow.
We'd better leave right now or we'll miss our bus.
Mary wondered whether to travel or to stay and save the money.
We have to hurry up, or else we'll miss our bus.(o sino)
You have to pay the rent of the house, or else you will be evicted.(desalojado)
Leave right now, otherwise you'll be caught.
He loves going to the theatre whereas his wife prefers to stay at home.=>(como contraste)

__CONDICIONALES__ (Indican condición para la realización de algo)

You won't pass the exam unless you study harder.
Don't go there unless they call you.
We'll go fishing this afternoon, provided it doesn't rain.
You can borrow my car providing you return it today.
You can stay here as long as you work hard.
Nobody will know this secret as long as you keep quiet.(callado)
Call this phone number in case you get lost.
We will take our umbrellas in case it rains.



__CONCLUSIVOS__ (Reflejan la consequencia de lo dicho en el texto)

I don't know her phone number, therefore I can't call her.
She didn't study, therefore she couldn't pass the exam.
English is not her mother tongue, hence her mistakes. ~tongg~
Frank was raised in a farm, hence his ability to ride horses.
He overslept and thus, arrived late for the appointment.
She hadn't eaten for days and thus felt very weak.
They were found guilty and consequently sent to prision.


__CONTINUATIVOS__ (Para dar continuación a la idea que se está expresando)

If it is not here, then it's lost.
If you like those shoes, then why don't you buy them?.
They work very hard; moreover, they do a very good job.(además)
I don't want stay here; furthermore, I have things  to do.(además)
I don't want to sell my car; besides, I need it for my job.
In addition to being a great person, the physician was an excellent profesional.(medico, facultativo)~fizicen~
Mrs. Baker had a great interest in literature, in addition to her interest in music.(además de)
As well as being an excellent painter, she writes poems and plays the piano.


__CAUSALES__ (Introducen causa, cuando una oración cumple la función de ser causa de otra)

We'll have to stay home, for it is raining outside.
She turned on the lights, for she was afraid of the dark.
They stayed in because of the bad weather.
She can not play sports because of her illness.
He won't understand, since he doens't speak English.
They decided to go to sleep, since it was very late.
She failed to pass the exam, as she made many mistakes.
They couldn't find us, as they didn't have our address.
The unemployment was high due to the economic crisis.
They had a delay owing to the traffic jam.
The school was closed down as a result of low inscription./on account of/
They lost the match as a consequence of the bad weather.

__COMPARATIVOS__ (Una o más oraciones expresan grados de comparación por semejanza o diferencia)

He performed the operation exactly as he was told.
His car is as fast as mine.
They are not as good as you think.
She was not so beatiful as her mother.
They treat me as if they didn't know me.
Ben started to spend money as though he had won the lottery.
They started to have more problems than they expected.
Learning English is more difficult than most people think.

__FUNCIONALES__ (Se utilizan para expresar un fin, próposito o objetivo)

He gave her a present so that she would feel better.
You should study more so that you can pass the exam.
We moved the table so as to have more space for dancing.(para)
Jack opened the window so as to let in the sunlight.
He took a nap so as not to be too tired for the party.
She wrote down his address so as not to forget it.
They left early in order to arrive in time for the movie.
We are working harder in order to earn more money. 
Helen went to the market in order that she could buy some vegetables.



Altough she was an expert swimmer, she drowned.(of)
	In spite of being an expert swimmer, she drowned.

The school was closed down due to low incription.(of)
	The school was closed down on account of low inscription.
	The school was closed down because of low inscription.
	The school was closed down as result of low inscription.

Helen went to the market so that she could buy some vegetables.(order)
	Helen went to the market in order to buy some vegetables.
	Helen went to the market in order that she could buy some vegetables.

The match was cancelled because it was raining.(to)
	The match was cancelled due to it was rain.

Despite having a terrible headache, he went to the office.(had)
	Altough he had a terrible headache, he went to the office.
	Even though he had a terrible headache, he went to the office.

He loves going to the theatre while his wife prefers to stay at home.
	He loves going to the theatre whereas his wife prefers to stay at home.

I sat by window in order to  see the landscape.(that),(paisaje, ajardinar)
	I sat by the window in order that I could see the landscape.
	I sat by the window so that I could see the landscape.

As well as being an excellent painter, she writes poens and plays the piano.
	She is an excellent painter. Moreover, she writes poems and plays the piano.  

Althoug Ann isn't very attractive, she is very popular.(However=>sin embargo, no obstante,de todos modos)
	Ann isn't very attractive.However she is very popular.

Seeing that we'd run out of milk, we went to the supermarket.(because)
	We went to the supermarket because we'd run out of milk.

As well as renewing the kitchen, she redecorated her bedroom.(to)
	In addition to renewing the kitchen, she redecorated her bedroom.(además de)

Although the city has 50 km limit, people are often fined for exceeding the speed limit.(so)(fino, bueno, hermoso, multa, multar)
	The city has a 50 km limit. Even so, people are often fined for exceeding the speed limit.

Many sportsmen are disqualified as a consequence of their ilegal use of drugs.(consequently)
	Many sportsmen use ilegal of drugs. Consequently, they are discualified.

John won the race.Nevertheless, he didn't feel happy.(despite)(sin embargo, no obstante)
	Despite winning the race, John didn't feel happy.

We need to increase sale. Therefore, we'll start a new advertising campaign.(so)(por lo tanto,por tanto, por lo consiguiente)	
	We need to increase sales,so we'll start a new advertising campaign.

Altough he was a millonaire, he behaved as an ordinary man.(yet)(todavía, aún, a pesar de que, con todo)
	He was a millonaire. Yet, he behaved as an ordinary man.

Since you are her elder brother, you must take care of her.(because)
	You must take care of her because you are her elder brother.

She is an excellent secretary. However, she has never been prometed.(spite)(sin embargo, no obstante,de todos modos)
	In spite of being an excellent secretary, she has never been prometed.
	She has never been prometed in spite of being an excellent secretary.

She opened the car window so that she could get some fresh aire.(in order to)
	She opened the car window in order to get some fresh aire.

I opened the window due to the heat.(because)(calor, calefación, calentar)~jiit~
	I openend the window because it was hot.

We didn't go swimming becasue the weater wasn't very clean.(so)
	The weater wasn't very clean so we didn't go swimming.

The goverment passed a new law in order to control terrorism.(pasar, aprobar, superar)
	The goverment passed a new law so as to control terrorism.
	The goverment passed a new law in order that they could control terrorism.
	The goverment passed a new law so that they could control terrorism.

Despite having some problems, she finally passed the test.(had)
	Although she had some problems, she finally passed the test.
	Even though she had some problems, she finally passed the test.

I enjoy going to the beach. My husband does not.
	I enjoy going to the beach whereas my husband does not.
	Contrary to my husband, I enjoy going to the beach.
	In contrast to my husband, I enjoy going to the beach.

As a cosequence of his father's illness, he couldn't go to work.
	Since his father was ill, he couldn't go to work.

Although he was an excellent student, he didn't get the grand.(However)(subvención, beca)
	He was an excellent student. However, he didn't get the grant.

They lost the match due to the bad weather.(as)
	They lost the match as a consequence of the bad weather.

Although she wasn't hungry, she ate a few biscuits.(of)
	In spite of not being hungry,she ate a few biscuits.
	She ate a few biscuits in spite of not being hungry.

She missed the bus so she had to take a taxi.
	She had to take a taxi because she missed the bus.
	As she missed the bus, she had to take a taxi.
	Since she missed the bus, she had to take a taxi.

She was very intelligent, she pretended not to understand.(of)
	In spite of being very intelligent, she pretended no to understand.

In addition to buying a new coat for his wife, he bought himself a cardigan.(besides)
	Besides buying a new coat for his wife, he bought himself a cardigan.
	
Sheila went to the garage to have her car serviced.(so)
	Sheila went to the garage so that she could have her car serviced.
	Sheila wanted to have her car serviced so she went to the garage.

He broke his left hand as a result of a skiing accident.(due)
	He broke his left hand due to a skiing accident.

I like Harry Poter's books. My brothers does not.
	I like Harry Poter's books whereas my brother does not.
	Contrary to my brother I like Harry Potter's books.
	In contrast to my brother, I like Harry Potter's books.

She didn't telephone John because she didn't have his number.
	She didn't have Jonh's number so she didn't telephone him.

Although he had excellend qualifications he didn't get the job.(yet)
	He had excellend qualifications. Yet, he didn't get the job.