I'm sure John locked the office before leaving. He always does.
	John must have locked the office before leaving.
	
I'm not sure he didn't lock the door. He never does.
	He can't have locked the door.
	
If I were you I would tell him the truth.
	You should tell him the truth.
	You ougth to tell him the truth.
	You´d better tell him the truth.

It was a mistake to sell the house. I wish I hadn´t.
	I shouldn't have sold the house.

Perhaps we'll go swimming tomorrow.
	We may go swimming tomorrow.
	We might go swimming tomorrow.

I think Mary is probably at home because the windows are open.
	Mary must be at home because the windows are open. / "must" como sugerencia 

Perhaps John knew about the trip, but I'm not sure.
	John might have known about the trip.

Perhaps she was at work when the earthquake struck.
	She may have been at work when the earthquake struck.
	She might have been at work when the earthquake struck.
	She could have been at work when the earthqueake struck. 

It's absolutely necessary that we finish the article today
	We must finish the article today
	We have to finish the article today
	
		..........NOTA............
		don't have = don't need to
		mustn't = no se debe
		must = circustancias personales
		have to = algo externo nos impone la obligación


You cannot smoke in the underground;it's forbidden
	You mustn't smoke in the underground.
	You are not allowed to smoke in the underground.

It's quite possible that they went away last weekend.
	They could have gone away last weekend.
	They may have gone away last weekend.

I'm sure Ann didn't send that letter.
	Ann can't have sent that letter.

It was a mistake not to accept his offer. I wish I had.
	I should have accepted his offer.
	I ought to have accepted his offer.

It is essential that we talk before the meeting starts.
	We must talk before the meeting starts.

I don't think Ann robbed the money. It's imposible.
	Ann can't have robbed the money.

Why don't we go on a camping trip?
	Shall we go on a camping trip?

Let's go to Diagonal Mar!
	Shall we go to Diagonal Mar!

Perhaps they told John about the party, but I'm not sure.
	They might have told John about the party.

It's forbidden to drive without fastening your seatbelt.
	You must fasten your seatbelt when you drive.

It's possible that they move to Australia.
	They may move to Australia.

I'm sure Helen knows about the accident. She looks very unhappy.
	Helen must have known about the acident. She looks very unhappy.

You are not allowed to use the telephone without permission.
	You can't use the phone without permission.
	You mustn't use the phone without permission.

If I were you I wouldn't trust John.
	You shouldn't trust John.
	You oughtn't trust John.
	You'd better not trust John.

I'm sure she didn't take the key.
	She can't have taken the key.

I regret selling the house.
	I shouldn't have sold the house.
	I oughtn't have sold the house.

It's compulsory for all visitors to show their ID card.
	All visitors must show their ID card.
	
It's impossible that they knew about the trip; nobody told them.
	They can't have known about the trip.

If I were you I'd do some more exercises.
	You'd better do some more exercises.
	You ought to do some more exercises.
	You should do some more exercises.

It was a mistake to take the car. If only I hadn't!
	I shouldn't have taken the car.
	I ought not to have taken the car.
	Ought Rachel to be here so early?

I'm sure something is happening tonight. Look at those preparations.
	Something must be happening tonight.

It's compulsory for all students to attend lessons.
	All students must attend lessons.
	