Someone must tell him about the accident.
	He must be tell about the accident.

They are going to rebuild the Town Hall.
	The Town Hall is going to be rebuilt.

People expect Barca will get to the final.
	It is expected that Barca will get to the final.
	Barca is expected to get to the final.

Nobody could find the lost climber.
	The lost climber couldn't be found.

The police have arrested the thieves.
	The thieves have been arrested by the police.

Jane gave me a present for my birthday.
	I was given a present for my birthday by Jane.

They are building a new car park in the neighbourhood.
	A new car park is being built in the neighbourhood.

I went to the hairdresser and he cut my hair.
	I had my hair cut at the hairdresser.

People thought that Jimmi Hendrix was a genius.
	It was thought that Jimmi Hendrix was a genius.
	Jimmi Hendrix was thought to be a genius.

People believe king Arthur lived in the 9th century.
	It is belived that king Arthur lived in the 9th century.
	King Arthur was belived to have lived in the 9th century.

People expect that Rodrigo Rato will resign due to the BBVA scandal.
	It is expected that Rodrigo Rato will resign due to BBVA scandal.
	Rodrigo Rato is espected to resign due to the BBVA scandal. 

A profesional photographer will take all my wedding photographs.
	I will have my wedding photograps taken by a profesional photographer.

They told Peter not to play such loud music.
	Peter was told not to play such loud music.

Everybody should read this article carefully.
	This article should be read carefully.

Bob sold the house in the hill to Mr.Brown.
	The house in the hill was sold to Mr.Brown.

People believe that the Lonch Ness Monster really existed.
	It is believed that the Lonch Ness Monster really existed.
	The Lonch Ness Monster is believed to have really existed.

My car needs servicing.
	My car needs to be servicing.

They sacked Mary last week.
	Mary was sacked last week.

Someone stole Ann's purse in the underground.
	Ann's purse was stolen in the underground.
	Ann had her purse stolen in the underground.

They asked John to resign.
	John was asked to resign.

In the Middle Ages people belived that the Earth was flat.
	In the Middle Ages was belived that the Earth was flat.
	In the Middle Ages the Earth was belived to be flat.

Nobody understood his talk.
	His talk wasn't understood.

Your house needs painting.
	Your house needs to be painted.

Jane sent Peter a thank-you letter.
	A thank-you letter was sent to Peter by Jane.
	Peter was sent a thank-you letter by Jane.

People believe that Nostradamus' predictions will come true.
	It is believed that Nostradamus' preditions will come true.
	Nostradamus' preditions are believed to come true.

They are going to revise the club's rules.
	The club's rules are going to be revised.

Somebody must do it.
	It must be done.

I took my ring to the jeweller's and he mended it.
	I had my ring mended by the jeweller's.

People believe that the climate is changing.
	It's believed that the climate is changing.
	The climate is belived to be changing.

Nobody must open this door.
	This door mustn't be opened.

People expect the new government will reduce taxes.
	It is expected that new government will reduce taxes.
	The new government is expected to reduce taxes.

They gave John another opportunity.
	John was given another opportunity.
	Another opportunity was given to John.

Mary will send all the letters, as scheduled. (como estaba previsto)
	All the letters will be sent, as scheduled.

Your car needs servicing. (servicio, mantener, revisar)
	Your car needs to be serviced.
	You should have your car serviced.
	You should get your car serviced.

It is said that the new Harry Potter film wil be released in June.
	People say the new Harry Potter film will be released in June.
	The new Harry Potter film is said to be released in June.

They told John to stop messing around.
	John was told to stop messing arround.

Somebody should bring cold drinks to the party.
	Cold drinks should be brought to the party.

They speak English in most hotels.
	English is spoken in most hotels.

People believe that the Forum will be a success.
	It is believe that the Forum will be a success.
	The Forum is believed to be a success.

I was buying the newspaper when I saw Mary this morning.
	The newspaper was being when Mary was seen this morning.

They had been painting the house on Monday.
	The house had been painted on Monday.

She has given Paul a kiss this morning.
	Paul has been given a kiss this morning.
	A kiss has been given to Paul this morning.

I don't know her.
	She isn't known.

He has driving his car when I phoned her.
	His car was being driven when she was phoned.

They have stolen all the food.
	All the food has been stolen.

I have to mend this watch.
	This watch has to be mended.

Paul has written her a letter this week.
	She was been writter a letter.
	A letter has been written to Paul.

The owner of the shop had left his dog outside.
	His dog had been left outside.

Present(Una casa es construida)
Jane is not supposed to be home at this time.
The sidewalks in this quarter are not swept up every day./aceras//trimestre, cuarto, barrio/
Is baseball played in South Africa?
A wellcome dinner for the guests is being prepared right now.  

Past(Una casa fue construida)
Our dog was not allowed to travel with us.
You were not called yesterday.
Was the Tower London used as a prision in former times? Ex wife, Ex work
Was he thought to have a gift for music? /talento/

FUTURE(Una casa será construida)
The literary contest will be judged by a panel of distinguished writers./concurso//grupo,elegir jurado, comite, tablero, panel de mandos/
It is estimated that millions of gallons will be yielded annually by the new oil wells./ceder el paso, producir,rendimiento, cosecha//pozo, fuente, manar, brotar/
The new rocket will not be launched until next year.
Thouse hospitals will not inagurated until the end of spring.
Will a new vaccine be discovered soon?
Will his new book be published in two week's time?
Dr Paker will be offered to deliver a speech on nutrition
This child will be taught to have betters manners.
If that man wins the elections, the country will be being ruled by a dictator./dirigido/
Those toys will be being produced in China next year.

FUTURE(going to)(Una casa va a ser construida)
The jewels are going to be hidden in a safe place.
The meeting is going to be held tomorrow at 10:00.
It is thought that the painting is not going to be sold without his authorization.
Her attorney is sure that the lawsuit is not going to be lost./abogado=lawyer//demanda judicial, pleito/
Are these bills going to be paid before they are due?/vezcan, sean pagaderas, she was due= se esperaba que/
Is a war going to be fought between the two neighboring countries?
All the staff is going to be told to attend the seminar.
Farmers are going to be asked to grow potatoes./cultivar=grow,till,farm/
The country is going to be being ruled by a dictator.
Thouse toys are going to be being produced in China next year.
If that man wins the elections, the country is going to be being ruled by a dictator.
Thouse toys are going to be being produced in China next year.

FUTURE IN PAST(Una casa iba a ser construida)
The soldiers thought they were going to be ambushed that night. /emboscados/
It is believed that a dich was going to be dug along the road. /zanja/
The store was not going to be closed before 8:00pm.
This incident was not going to be easily forgotten.
Was a new song going to be recorded?
Were the parcels going to be sent yesterday?/paquetes/
I thought that a test pilot was going to be told to fly the plane.
At first, the guest were going to be offered to choose their rooms.
I thought this wall was going to be being painted by someone else, not by me.
They didn't get into the room because they thought that it was going to be being used by the managers of the company.

CONDITIONAL
Jeff would be invited to the party if he knew Cindy.
If there were a good canidate for this job, the vacancy would be filled.
The goods would not be shipped if they were defective./transportados/
In this house had latent defects, it would not be put up for sale./defectos ocultos/
Would the witnesses be taken depositions if they knew nothing./testigos//declaración,testimonio/
Would lice be asked to leave if the hostess did not invite her?
Bob would be asked to mail the letters if he was ...
His kids would be taught to drive if they were 18 years old.

MODALS (Una casa podría ser construida)
Nothing can be done to solve this mystery.
Questions cannot be asked during the conference.
It is said that this system must be improved.
A doctor should be called in case of accident.
It is thought that the accused should not be sued for damages.(demandado)
Could this old church be refurbished?(reformado)
Must the floor be kept clean?
Should these towels be washed?
The speaker should be given a microphone to deliver his speech./orador//entregar, llevar, pronunciar/
The janitor must be told to lock the front door./portero, conseje/

PRESENT PERFECT(Una casa ha sido construida)
The whole city has been destroyed by the earthquake.
I can't get in. These doors have been locked!
Those windows have not been closet yet.
This wooden floor has not been waxed./encerado/
Has uncle John been promoted to president of the company?
Have the mistakes been made before?
People have been requested to cancel appointments before Monday./solicitado//cancelar/
Guess what... Jack has been taught to drive car!
Stricter and stricter measures have been being taken to reduce crime in the city./cada vez más extrictas/
My mother has been being treated by the same doctor for years.

PAST PERFECT(Se había construido una casa)
A strike had been organized before the workers were dismissed.
Before the Richardsons got home, their house had been burglarized./desvalijada/
Hotel reservations had been made before Mr.Miller flew to N.Y.
Had the gas tank been filled before they left?
Had Bill been told to bring the wine to the party?
This mechanic had been paid to fix their limo./limosina/~limou~
The tourists had been shown the map of the city before they were taken there.
I learnt that condensed milk had been being produced in America since the mid  1850s.
"The Real Information Digger", a journel in which my articles had been being publhised, was banned by the government./prohibido/

FUTURE PERFECT (Se habrá construido una casa, Habrá sido )
Your tapestry will have been woven by Friday./tapiceria/tjida/
Thouse fossils will have been examined by experts before December.
The crop will not have been ruined by the frost this year./cosecha//helada/
It is thought that he will not haven been elected president in the coming elections.
When will his research project have been finished?
By the end of fall, they will have been taught to ski.
Will this river have been polluted by the year 2020?
The cake will have been being bake for over two hours by the time you get home./hornear, coción/

FUTURE PERFECT, GOING TO (Una casa va  a haber sido construida)
The project is going to have been completed before the deadline./límite/
A new computer game is going to have been developed by December.
By this time tomorrow, many more areas in the city are going to have been affected by the flood.
By next year, the economy of this country is going to have been improved by the reforms underway./proceso/
These products are going to have been inspected before their shipment./envío/
By the time they graduate from the academy, these young officer are going to have been given a complete training.
The soldiers are going to have been transported to the war zone by helicopters during the night.
Look, if the ammunition is left in the open, it is going to have been destroyed by the rain./munición//aire libre/ 

FUTURE PERFECT IN PAST(Una casa iba a haber sido contruida)
That movie originally was going to have been directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
They thought that, with the new monument, the city was going to have been visited by more tourists that year.
At first, the statue was going to have been made in bronze.
They figured the merchandise was going to have been sent that same day./figura, figurar, calcular/
They informed us that the stadium was going to have been closed for renovations.
They famous writer explined his that his new novel was going to have been translated into Spanish that year.
The police thought that the robbers were going to have been caught that same day.
At first, those products were not going to have been manufactured in China.

CONDITIONAL PERFECT(Una casa habría sido construida)
Your shirts would have been ironed if the maid had come yesterday./críada/
If the cook had learnt the recipe, the bread would have been backed properly./horneado/
Would Mr.Jones have been granted a loan if he had been unemployed?/concedido/
Would Ms.Baxter have been promoted if she had not been efficent?
They would have been offered to upgrade their computers if they had paid $500.
My brother would have been paid to fix this microwave if he had had the tools to do so.

MODALS + HAVE(Una casa podría haber sido construida)
The day had been hot and sunny. The garde should have been watered at twilight./regado//crepúsculo,ocaso/
Susan feels tired. She must have been working hard lately.
These shoes should not have been mended. They are too old.
Smokers should not have been allowed inside the restaurant.
Should the candles have been lit up in the evening? /iluminado, iluminar/
The statue should have been shown in the art gallery.
Johny was fired. I think he should have been given another opportunity.
Diana's death could have been prevented.
The infections he had suffered might have been caused by the contaminated catheters./catéteres/
Could the party have been organized somewhere else?





