__Preposición AT__
		Punto determinado en el espacio(en el, en la)
	Siempre que te  refieras a una actividad realizada en un recinto
I'm at the restaurant = voy a comer.
To be at airport = voy a cojer un avión.
He is at home.
There is a person at the door.
There are waiting for you at the restaurant(la entrada, si estubiera dentro sería IN)
She is at the entrance.
The museum is at the end of the street.
I´m at my brother´s = En casa de mi hermano
She is at her parent's = En casa de sus padres
They are at the table having lunch. (to be at the table)
A nation at war/peace

	Para referirse a edificios, instituciones, organizaciones.
We can meet at the theater.
She works at Ogilvy.
They study at Oxford.
Most of the world countries are represented at the N.U.
The plane stops at London.
I was at the beach.(estube en la playa)
 
	Ciertas activades
They met at the party.
She said it at the meeting.
You can ask at the lecture.
Everything is possible at the match.
We can see each other at the concert.

	Para indicar tiempo
At 2 o´clock, at sunrise, at midday, at noon, at sunset(atardecer), at dusk(anochecer),at night, at midnight, at Christmas, at the weekend, at easter, at halloween

	Para indicar ser bueno o malo en algo
Good at mach, poor at making speeches, bad at his job.

	Para indicar medidas, números y porcentajes
At half a price, two at a time, at 100 degrees, at a higher price.
	

__ON__
	
On time= puntual (con tiempo)
In time= con tiempo suficiente(dentro del plazo)
The children standing on the corner waiting for her.
The children left their books on the table.
They have photograph of Paris on the wall.
I am on the bus.
Her apartment is on the second floor.
The Hotel Miramar is located on top of the cliffs.(acantilados)~cleffss~
Sue forgot her bag on the plane.
They are on vacation and went to the beach.
I was on the beach.(pise la arena)

	Días de la semana, fechas y fiestas.
They went to Mexico on the first of May. 
I will see John on his birthday.

	Transportes
get on/off must transports(bus, planes, bicycles, horses)
To get in car, taxi, canoa

__UPON(apón)__

	Igual que on pero más formal
The corpse was laying upon the bed.(cadaver)~cooooppsss~
Bill was eating with his elbows upon the table.

__IN__

	Meses, estaciones, siglos o partes del día.
In October, In 1981, In Spring, In the 21st century, in the morning, in the afternoon(por la tarde), in the evening(tarde-noche).

It has been raining in our city for the last three days.
Hundreds of thieves are caught in jail in Britain.
Newspaper are only delivered weekly in remote areas.
The house is situated in a good area.
Alice is watering the plans in the garden.
He found his cases in the street.
In eight months time.(en 8 meses)

__INSIDE(insáid)__
	
The children were playing inside the house.
I think there is a surprise for you inside the box.
The water is cold because it was inside the fridge.

__OUTSIDE(áutside)fuera, afuera, fuera__

The dog sleeps outside the house.
My family lives just outside Rome.
Jack hopes to be outside the prision soon.

	The outer side or surface of something
The outside of the house needs painting.
You can't open the door from the outside.

	The area that is near or around a building.
I walked around the outside of the building.
I didn't go into the temple- I only saw it from the outside.

	Not located in the main building; going out of the main building
An outside toilet.
You have to pay to make outside calls.

	Away from or not in a particular place.
It's the biggest theme park outside the United States.
We live in a small village just outside Leeds.

	Not part of something.
The matter is outside my area of responsibility.
You may do as you wish outside working hours.


__ABOVE(abáw)encima de, sobre,superioridad no inmediata__

	At or to higher place or position than something/somebody
The weater came above our knees.
The people in the apartment above mine.
They finished the year six places above their local rivals.
We were flying above the clouds.
The city is 300 meters above sea level.
The patient´s temperature was above normal.
	
	More than something greater in number level or age than somebody/something
Inflation is above 6%.
Temperature have been above average.
We cannot accept children above the age of 10.

	Of greater importance or of higher quality than somebody/something
I rate her above most other players of her age.(tarifa,valorar, clasificar)
I couldn't hear her above the noise of the traffic.
 


__OVER(ouva)encima de ,sobre__

The maid put a cloth over the table
They have built a bridge over the river.
The helicopter was a flying over the area. (statico)
They were talking over soccer.
Try not to knock that vase over.
The wind must have blown it over.
The car skidded off the road and rolled over and over.

	So as to cover somebody/something completely
The lake was frozen over.
Cover her over with a blanket.

	Above;more
Children of 14 and over.
You get an A grade for scores of 75 and over.

	Remaining; not used or needed
If there's any food left over; put it in the fridge.

	ended
Thank goodness that's over!.
By the time we arrived the meeting was over.

	over again; a second time from the beginning
He did the work so badly that I had to do it all over again myself.

	over and over; many times,repeatedly
I've told you over and over again not to do that.
	

__Below(belou)por debajo,aun nivel inferior

	At or to a lower level or position than somebody/something
He dived below the surface of the water.
Please do not write below this line.
Skirts will be worn below the knee.
Jane had a pimple just below her right eye.
She has an apartment below mine.

	Of a lower amount or standard than somebody/something
The temperature remained below freezing all day.(por debajo de cero, punto de congelación)
He work was well bellow average for the class.
It's is freezing! The temperatures is below zero.

	Of a lower rank or of less important than somebody/something
A police sergeant is below an inspector 


__Beneath/underneath__(biniiz)bajo, debajo de

	There is a basement beneath the house.
	Jimmy hid all his toys beneath his bed.
	I was sitting beneath my beach umbrella.
	There is rust underneath the paint.
	The letter was found underneath the carpet.
	Miners work underneath the ground.


__By__(bai)al lado, junto a

She came into the room and sat by my side.
I have a beautiful house by the river.
The dog was lying asleep by the fire.

	Used usually after a passive verb, to show who or what does, creates or causes something
He was knocked down by a bus.
Who's that book by?
I was frightened by the noise.

	Used for showing how or in what way something is done.
The house is heated by gas.
May I pay by credit card?.
to travel by boat/bus/car/plane/air/land/sea

	Used before particular nouns without the, to say that something happens as a result of comething.
They met by chance.
I did it by mistake.

	Not later than the time mentined; before
Can you finish the work by five o'clock?
I'll have it done by tomorrow.
By this time next week we'll be in New York.
He ought to have arrived by now/this time.

	from what something shows or says according to something
By my watch it is two o'clock.
I could tell by the look on her face that something terrible had happened.
By law, you are a child until you are 18.

	used to show the part of somebody/something that somebody touches, holds, etc
I took him by the hand.
She seized hed by the hear.(agarrar)
Pick it up by the handle.

	used with "the" to show the period or quality used for buying, selling or measuring something.
We rented the house by the day.
They're paid by the hour.
We only sell it by metre.

	used to state the rate at which something happens.(indicar, manifestar la velocidad)
They're improving day a day.
We'll do it bit a bit.
It was getting worse by the minute.
The children came in two by two.

__Near(niar)__cerca de

There is pay phone near that monument.
It is terrible to live near an airport.
The hospital was built near the university.
Where's the nerarest bank?
The conflict is unlikely to be resolved in near future.
She has a 12-point lead over her nearest rival.

	[only before noun] (no comparative or superlative) close to
The elections proved to be a near disaster for the party.
A near impossibility .(casi imposible)
She spoke in a near whisper.

__Close to(clóus tchu)__


Our house in close to the airport.
There was a gas station close to its master.(maestro, dominar)
She closed the gate at the end of the week.
to close a case/an investigationmeasures

__Across(acrós) a lo ancho de, a través de, al otro lado de

There was a fallen tree across the road.
They placed a fishing net across the river.
My sister lives across the park.

	from one side to the other side

It's too wide. We can't swim across.
The yard measures about 50 feet across.

	In a particular direction towards or at somebody/something

When my name was called, he looked across at me. 



	
	

	