http://www.englisch-hilfen.de/en/exercises/reported_speech/statements2.htm
http://www.edufind.com/english-grammar/changing-time-and-place-references/
Verbos que seguidos de CI  llevan to y no cambian significado
ADVISE, RECOMMENDED, ALLOW, PERMIT, FORBID, REQUIRE

Se ponen ejemplos no relacionados con el reported speech propiamente.

__Present => Past__
John:"I work in Argentina"
	He said that he worked in Argentina.
Kelly:"I dont like fish"
	She said that dind't like fish.
Joe:"I am doing my job"
	He said that he was doing his job.
"Pan and Tim:"We are living in New York".
	They said that they were living in New York.

__Past => Past Perfect__
Dan: "We saw a good film on TV"
	He said that they had seen a good film on TV.
Lou and Sarah:"We didn't read 'Hamlet'".
	They said that they hadn't read 'Hamlet'".
Chuck:"I was dacing with Mary".
	He said that he had been dancing with Mary.
Rick and Amy:"We weren't looking for Tom".
	They said that they hadn't been looking for Tom.

__Present Perfect => Past Perfect__
Kim:"I have done this before".
	He said that he had done that before.
Nick:"I haven't heard from Deam".
	He said that he hadn't heard from Deam
Chris:"I have been doing this for two years".
	He said that he had been doing that for two years.
Kate:"I have been living here for 5 months".
	She said that she had been living there for 5 months.

__FUTURE => CONDITIONAL__
Tom:"I will visit my mother".
	He said that he would visit his mother.
Mark:"I won't listen to you".
	He said he woulnd't listen to me.
Phil:"I will be flying to Spain".
	He said that he would be flying to Spain.
Walt:"I will be staying at good hotel".
	He said that he would be staying at good hotel.

__FUTURE PERFECT => CONDITIONAL PERFECT__
Jim:"I will have arrived there by 5 pm".
	He said that would be arrived there by 5pm.
Bob:"I will have sent all products by tomorrow".
	He said that would have sent all products by tomorrow.
Sam:"I will have been selling books for two years".
	He said that he would have been selling books for two years.
Cindy:"He will have been sleeping for 13 hours".
	She said that he would have been sleeping for 13 hours.

__VERBOS REPORTED SPEECH__

Jack:"Mum came to see you today".
	He said that mum had come to see me that day.

Beth:"John isn't here right now".
	She told me that John wasn't there them.

Bob:"Please, give this letter to Penny".
	He asked me to give the letter to Penny.

Tommy: "ok,ok. I broke the window".
	He admitted that he had broken the window.
		admit to somebody
	Paul admitted to me that sometimes feels jelous of my...
		admit somethig
	He admitted to all his mistakes.
	He admitted all his mistakes.
	She refuses to admit the truth.
	Don't be afraid to admit to your mistakes.
	Dane admitted feeling hurt by what I had said.
	Phillips openly admits to having an alcohol problem.
	She admit to being strict with her children.
	She admit being strict with her children.
		admit doing something (to)
	No organization has admitted reponsibility for the bombing.
	was admitted to be difficult(pasiva)
	
Ken:"Yeah, of course, I will give you the money".
	He agreed to loan me the money.

Carol:"Oh, not now. I am too busy at this moment".
	She answered that she was too busy at that moment.

All:"He guys!Don't you want to go to the beach with me?".
	He invited us to go to the beach with him.

Dan:"Oh no.I have this terrible toothache again!".
	He complained of a toothache.
		complain to + somebody
		complain of + something

Sue:"I cant help you with that Math problem if you want".
	She offered to help me with the Math problem.

Bill:"It's a nice day. We could go to the country and have a picnic".
	He suggested that we have a picnic.
		suggest something
	May I suggest a white wine?
		suggest doing something
	I suggested going in my car.

Angry customer:"I want to see the manager of this company immediately".
	The man demanded to see the manager of the company.(exigir)

Joe:"Excuse me,Madam. Could I use your telephoned for a minute".(pedir formal)
	He requested permission to use the woman's telephone.

Jack:"He Bill. Don't forget to mail this letter today!".
	Jack reminded Bill to mail a letter that day.

George:"The house is white. It has three bedrooms and a beautiful garden".
	He described his house.

Peter:"I must tell you something, Jane..I love you with all my heart".
	He confessed that he loved her.

Betty:"It was your fault that I couldn't arrive on time".
	The girl blamed the boy for her arriving late.

Mark:"Sir, I think we should have a meeting this afternoon".
		propose + ing = Otra persona sugiere
	He proposed having a meeting that afternoon.
	What do they propose doing with such a person?
		propose + to = Yo propongo
	I propose to enter
	What steps do you propose to take?

Jim:"I won't do this job any longer".
	He refused to continue working.

		+ no longer (suj +no longer+verb or later modal verb or auxiliar or later be)
	She no longer wears the dull colours of her former life.
	She no longer works here.
		- anylonger or any longer
	She doesn't work here any longer.
	Are you still living in London?
		Responder a preguntas con ya no
	Not any longer

Sam:"Congratulations, Jack! Your performance was excellent!".
	He congratulated Jack ON giving a good performance at the theater.(felicito)

Bill:"Hi, everybody".
	Bill greeted everybody as he entered the room.(saludo)

Hou:"This is my mother. Her name is Nancy".
	He introduced me her mother.

Bill:"Don't drink so much or you'll get drunk!".
	Bill warned Jack not to drink too much.

Kate:"You take me there! Como on! I really want to go there!.
	She insisted that she wanted to go.
	I insist!/If you insist/I didn't really want to go but he insisted.
	He insisted on his innocence.
	They insist on playing their music late.

Karen: You.. damned fat cow! You ate all my cookies!.
	She insulted her friend calling her a fat cow.

Karen:"I am very sorry for having insulted you in that way".
	She apologized to her friend for having insulted her.

Jack:"Thank you so much for your help, Mary".
	Jack thanked Mary for her help.

Ann:"Como on.It was not my fault. You are accusing the wrong person!".
	The girl protested against the unfair accusation.
	She accepted the charge without protest.

Rober:"If you don't given me the money, I will kill you".
		threat(to do something)
	The robber threatered to kill the man.
		to make threats against somebody.
	She is prepared to carry out her threat to resign.
	He received death threats.
		threat (to something)
	He is unlikely to be a threat to the spanish player.
	Drugs pose a major threat to our society.
	The program is under threat of closure due to lack of funding.(cierre debiado a falta de fondos)

Doctor:"If you don't want to have problems with your health, you should stop smoking".
	The doctor advised him to stop smoking.
	I'd advise you not to tell him.
	Police are advising people to stay at home.
	I'd advise buying your tickets well in advance if you want to travel in Auguest.
	They advise that a passport should be carried with you at all times.
	It is strongly advised that you take out insurance. 

Emily:"Our teacher will go to Leipzig tomorrow"
	Emily said that their teacher would go to Leipzig the next day.
	Emily said that their teacher would go to Leipzig the following day.

"We'll come the day after tomorrow", they said.
	They said that they would come in two days/two days later.

Helen:"I was writting a letter yesterday"
	Helen told me she had been writing a letter the day before.
	Helen told me she had been writing a letter the previous day.

"I met her the day before yesterday", he said.
	He said that he had met her two days before.

Robert:"My father flew to Dallas last year"
	Robert told me that his father had flown to Dallas the year before.
	Robert told me that his father had flown to Dallas the previous year.

Lisa:"Tim went to the stadium an hour ago".
	Lisa said that Tim had gone to the stadium an hour before.

Patricia:"My mother will celebrate her birthday next weekend"
	Patricia said that her mother would celebrate her birthday the following weekend.

Michael:"I am going to read a book this week".
	Michael said to me that he was going to read a book that week.

Jason and Victoria:"We will do our best in the exams tomorrow".
	Jason and Victoria told me that would do their best in the examns the next day.

Andrew:"We didn't eat fish two days ago".
	Andrew remarked that they hadn't eaten fish two days before.(hizo una observación, comentario)

Alice:"I spent all my pocket money on Monday".
	Alice complained that she had spent all her pocket money on Monday.

David:"John had already gone at six".
	David said that John had already gone at six.

"I saw him today", she said
	She said that she had seen him that day.

"I'm getting a new car this week", she said
	She said she was getting a new car that week.

"Do you like this shirt?", she asked.
	He asked if I liked the shirt.

Tina:"Could you tell me where the main library is?
	She inquired how to get to the library.
	She enquired as to your whereabouts.(ella pregunto por su paradero)
	Might I enquire why you have not mentioned this until now?

Mr.Jones:"I really think that the work you are doing is excellent".
	Bill's boss praised him for the work he was doing.(elogio)

Bill:"I don't know what you think, but I didn't break that window."
	Billy denied that he had broken the window.

Carl:"Don't worry. I will finish my work on time."
	He assured me that he would finish his work on time.(aseguro)
	We were assured that everything possible was being done. 

Jack:"Come on.You'll have a great time at the party.Let's go".
	Jack persuaded Bill to go the party.

Jo:"Instead of going to France we should go to Brazil on vacations.It´s cheaper, nearer and warmer."
	She convinced her husband to go to Brazil on vacations.

Sally:"Oh please, Mom!.Please, let me go!I promise I'll be back before midnight!."
	She begged her mother to let her go to the party.

Samuel:"I don't think it is a good idea to fly now. The weather conditions are dangerous"
	The man dissuaded him from flying under those weather conditions.

Tim:"I'm terrible afraid of storms".
	He confessed his fear of storms to his companion.

Sales girl:"I think you should take these shoes.They are very nice and have a good quality".
	The sales girl recommended that I buy those shoes.
	The report recommended a 10% pay increase.(aumento salarial)
	It is dangerous to exceed the recommended dose.(dosis)
	A recommended price of $50.
	He recomended reading the book before seeing the movie.

		recommended somebody/something (to somebody)
	We recommended you to book your flight early.
	I recommended the book to all my students
		recommended somebody (for/as something)
	She was recommended for the post by a colleague.

Mrs.Miller:"Look what you've done!You broke the vase! You must be more careful with the things in the 	   	house!".
	Jack's mother scolded him for breaking the vase.(regañar)

Sergeant:"Fire".
	The sergeant ordered the soldiers to fire at the enemy.

Paul:"I saw you when you stolen my money!".
	The man accused his colleague of stealing his money.

Dave:"I couldn't call you because there was no phone nearby".
	He explained why he couldn't call me.

Bill:"By the way, I am a bit tired after the trip."(por cierto, a propósito) 
	Bill mentioned that he was tired after the trip.

Philo:"Jame, how elegant you are tonight!".
	The man congratulate Jane on being so elegant that night.(felicito)

Mr Campbell:"Don't quit now!.You are about to win the game!(No abandones/rendir /give up/surrender)
	Bills father encouraged him to continue with the game.(alento, incito, animo)

Mrs.Brown:"It is cold and it is raining.I think you shouldn't go out tonight".
	Mary's mother discouraged her from going out that night.(desalentó, disuadio)

Pete:"Don't feel so bad.It is not so terrible to fail an exam. You'll pass it next time."
	Bill's companion tried to console him for having failed the exam.

"I can't believe what you are saying" Paul told me.
	Paul told me he couldn't believe what I was saying.

"Would you like a cup of tea?"She said to the girls.
	She offered the girls a cup of tea.

"What time did you arrive in London?"He asked.
	He asked what time I had arrived in London.

"I 'm sorry to be late, but I missed the bus" She said.
	She apologised for being late and she said she had missed the bus.

"Thank you for the postcard you sent me", she said to Jane.
	She thanked Jane for the postcard she had sent her.

"What were you doing last night at 9:30?" she asked.
	He asked what had been doing the previous night at 9:30.

"I'll show you when I finish", he said.
	He said he would show me when he finished.

"The film had already started when Peter arrived", she said.
	She said the film had already started when Peter arrived.

"I was having a shower when the phone rang", she said.
	She said she had been having a shower when the phone rang.

"You must finish the report today", my boss told me.
	My boss told me I had to finish the report that day.

"Did the enjoy the party?", She asked.
	She asked if I had enjoyed the party.

"Alright then, we'll meet after the lesson" she said.
	She agreed to meet after the lesson.

"No way!.I won't tell them" he said.
	He refused to tell them.

"Open your books and start reading , children", the teacher said.
	The teacher told the children to open their books and start reading.

"Would you like to come to my party, John?, she said.
	She invited John to her party.

"Let's go the park!"she said.
	She suggested going to the park.
	She suggested that we went to the park.

"You should be more careful in the future"he said.
	He advised me to be more careful in the future.

"Did you pass the exam?"I said to Joe.
	I asked Joe if he had passed the exam.

"I'm doing my homework",the boy said.
	The boy said that he had been doing his homework.

"What were you doing when the lights went off?"She asked me.
	She asked me what I had been doing when the ligths went off.

"Do you mind closing the window, please? It's getting cold", she said to the man.
	She asked the man to close the window because it was getting cold.

"Did you enjoy the meal?"She said to me.
	She asked me if I had enjoyed the meal.

"Would you like another biscuit, John?"he said.
	He offered another biscuit.

"Remember to check the tyres before leaving",they said to us.
	They reminded us to check the tyres.

"Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you" she said.
	She apologized for interrupting us.

"You'd better go to the doctor, Paul" she said.
	She advised Paul to go to the doctor.
	Advise doing something

"How about renting a canoe?" he said.
	He suggested renting a canoe.
	He suggested that we rentend a canoe.

"You must be prepared for the worst", the doctor said.
	The doctor said that we had to be prepared for the worst.

"Do you understand French?"She asked me.
	She asked me if I understood French.

"We are meeting John next weekend", she said to me.
	She said to me we were meeting John the following weekend.

"Can you pass me the bread, please?"She said to me.
	She asked me to pass her the bread.

"Let's go for a swim!"she said.
	He suggested going for swim.
	He suggested that we went for a swim.

"You should tell the truth", They said to us.
	They advised us to say the truth.

"Would you like to go to Parets?"she said.
	She invited me to go to Parets.

"Have you finished the homework,Paul?, she said.
	She asked Paul if he had finished the homework.

"No way! I won't phone Mary" she said.
	He refused to phone Mary.



